♪ I swam all
around the world ♪
♪ I've seen this ocean
on my own ♪
♪ And then I found
my way to Reeftown ♪
♪ And I knew that
I'd found my home ♪
♪ I met my friend
Bubbles here ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the best ♪
[all]
♪ Oh, dive in ♪
- ♪ Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
[all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us
and see it all ♪
♪ With pals
like Dunk and Ripple ♪
♪ We'll explore
this world together ♪
[both] ♪ When you share
adventures with your friends ♪
♪ It makes them
so much better ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ In this world
beyond belief ♪
[all] ♪ Come see
the greatest reef ♪
♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ Start making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us,
dive right in ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪
Whoa! Wow! Wow!
Wow! Yeah!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Oh-oh-oh!
- Bubbles!
- Oh! Whoa!
You are a genius.
Agreed! [laughs]
Why, again?
Because it was your idea
to spend our entire day together
at Dorsal Park,
and this has been
the best... day... ever!
And the best part is
it isn't over yet!
We still get to camp under
the big, bright bubble!
Yeah, I've already got
the perfect campsite picked out.
- [Bubble gasps]
- This is gonna be great!
It's nice to get to spend time
with my best friend ever!
- Absolutely! Whoo!
- Ha ha!
♪ To have a friend ♪
♪ You've got to be
a friend ♪
♪ I've got great friends
all over this ocean ♪
[both] ♪ But ever since we put
our friendship, in motion ♪
♪ It's you,
you're my best friend ever ♪
♪ We have
so much fun together ♪
♪ I know I know
that everything is better ♪
♪ Whenever I'm with you ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ We like to help
each other ♪
[both]
♪ In everything we do ♪
♪ I'm so glad
I got a friend like you ♪
♪ We love to go
on adventures ♪
♪ Could be big or small ♪
♪ As long as it's you and me,
I'm happy ♪
[both] ♪ Even if we're doin'
nothin' at all ♪
♪ 'Cause you ♪
♪ You're my best friend ever ♪
♪ We have
so much fun together ♪
♪ I know, I know
that everything is better ♪
♪ Whenever I'm with you ♪
♪ Even best friends
don't always agree ♪
♪ We find a way
to work things out ♪
[both] ♪ To make this ocean
all it can be ♪
♪ 'Cause you ♪
♪ You're my best friend ever ♪
♪ We, we're gonna
stick together ♪
♪ I know, I know
that everything is better ♪
♪ Sharing all we do ♪
♪ I'm so glad ♪
♪ I have a friend
like you ♪
[both]
♪ My best friend ever ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ We're stickin' together ♪
[both] ♪ You ♪
♪ My best friend eve-r-r ♪
And then-- and then
the sea urchin said,
"Don't be so sharp!"
[both laugh, sigh]
Wow! I just love the big,
bright bubble.
It's so beautiful.
And all those little sparkles
in the sky are beautiful, too.
And really bright tonight!
It's late!
Yeah, we-- we should probably
get some sleep, huh?
- Yeah.
- Ha ha. All right.
- Well, good night, Bubbles.
- Night, Splash.
Oh, uh, Splash?
Thanks for a super fun day.
- [sighs] Best friend.
- Good night.
Wow...
I wish those sparkles
weren't so far away,
'cause I'd love to
just reach out and... touch 'em.
- Bubbles! Wake up!
- Aah!
- Agh!
- You will not believe it!
That you're waking me up
in the middle of the night?
You're right.
My wish came true!
All the plankton
you could eat?
Not that wish.
My other wish!
Oh, got it.
Just come and see!
Come on, come on, come on!
Well, this better be good!
Okay, so earlier tonight,
I wished
that the sparkles in the sky
would come into the water
so I could
reach out and touch them.
- Right.
- Well... they did!
The sparkles from the sky
have fallen into the water
and landed
right here in Reeftown!
Sparkles from the sky...
- Yes!
- Right.
Yeah, this is a dream.
- Wha--
- Yeah, and I can prove it,
because in my dreams
I can swim super fast,
like this!
Whoo!
Woosh! Woosh!
Look at me go!
Uh... this isn't a dream.
It is real,
and I can show you right now!
I was right over about here
when it happened.
Prepare... to be...
amazed.
Okay...
sparkle, sparkle, sparkle!
Ha! Huh? Huh?
- Uh...
- Huh?
- Wha--
- It's okay, Splash.
I believe you.
The sparkles from the sky
came down,
and now they're back up
in the sky again.
But--
but they were just here.
[stammers]
Maybe I was in the wrong spot.
Yeah, that's it, the wrong spot.
Here we go.
Sparkle, sparkle, sparkle, ha!
Okay, that wasn't it.
Okay, how about down here?
Sparkle, sparkle,
sparkle, ha?
Well, if you find them again,
Splash, let me know,
but I need to
get some sleep--
Bubbles!
I found them! Look!
- [gasps]
- Look!
I told you!
Sea sparkles!
Yeah! This is amazing!
They're here in the water!
You wanna do it with me?
- Oh, oh, yeah, yeah!
- Okay, here we go.
[both] Sparkle, sparkle,
sparkle, ha!
[both sigh]
Sparkle, sparkle, sparkle, ha!
- Ha ha!
- Wow!
[gasps] Wait a minute!
We should show these sparkles
to Dunk and Ripple!
Great idea!
Okay, here we go.
Come here, you sparkles!
[both giggle]
Oh..
Hey, what happened?
Oh, well, don't worry,
I'll get 'em.
Come here, sparkles!
You can-
Eh... sparkles?
[stammers]
Yeah. I think this is gonna be
harder than we thought.
Well, come on. [laughing]
I mean, how hard can it be
to grab a few sparkles?
Come on.
[both]
Come here, Sparkles!
- Come here, sparkles!
- Sparkle, sparkle, sparkle!
- Sparkles, everywhere!
- I'm gonna get you, sparkles!
- Spaaarkles!
Pretty hard,
it would seem.
Yeah.
Um... okay, new plan.
If we can't take
the sparkles with us,
then we need to bring Dunk
and Ripple here to see them!
Good idea.
You go and get them,
and I'll stay here
to make sure those sparkles
don't go anywhere.
[laughs] Okay!
I'll be right back!
Okay.
Sparkle, sparkle, sparkle,
ha!
[snoring]
Meh-meh-meh-meh-meh-meh.
Dunk, Dunk, Dunk, Dunk,
Dunk, Dunk, Dunk!
Get up!
You have to come with me.
I have to
show you something!
The sparkles from the sky have
fallen into the water!
Yeah! Bubbles and I are
dancing with them!
Whoo-hoo!
♪ Sparkle, sparkle, sparkle ♪
- Uh...Splash?
- ♪ Sparkle, sparkle, sparkle ♪
- Yeah.
- Is this a dream?
I asked the same thing.
Apparently, it's not.
No, no! C'mon you guys,
let's go. Whoo-hoo!
- Uh... Sparkles?
- Sparkles?
Oh, it's so unbelievable!
- Feast your eyes on... this!
- Sparkle, ha!
Sparkle, sparkle,
sparkle, ha!
- Whoa!
- Sparkle, sparkle, sparkle...
Who knew Bubbles
had such great moves?
- Ha ha. Yeah, Bubbles-- huh?
- Sparkle, ha!
- Sparkle, sparkle...
- What-- [gasps]
Bubbles, what happened?
I'm sorry, Splash.
One minute they were here,
and the next minute
- they were gone!
- Whoo-hoo!
- Nighttime dance party!
- Yeah!
[both] Sparkle, sparkle,
sparkle, ha!
- Guys, the dance party's over!
- Sparkle, sparkle, sparkle, ha!
[both] Sparkle, sparkle,
sparkle-- huh?
So, I don't get it.
Why did the sparkles
come into the water?
Like we were saying,
I made a wish
that I could reach out and touch
the sparkles in the sky
and then, poof, ha,
there they were in the water!
Wow!
Yeah, the sparkles
were pretty special,
but they just went home.
Well, I wouldn't be so sure
of that!
- Look! They're back!
- [gasps] Oh!
- I knew they'd come back!
- Oh, wow!
[laughs] Ha ha, sparkles,
sparkles, sparkles.
[laughter]
If you like that,
check this out!
[Splash]
Yeah, go for it, Dunk!
Hey, let's all sparkle
together!
- Yeah!
- Okay!
Sparkle! Sparkle!
[laughter, chatter]
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Ah...
Well, I'll be.
Dinoflagellates!
Been a while since
I've seen these little guys.
I still can't believe
we're playing and dancing
with sparkles from the sky!
[all cheering and chattering]
Sorry, Gush.
Did we wake you?
Well, yes, you did,
but don't worry about it at all.
I love watching
bioluminescent phytoplankton.
Phytoplankton?
No, Gush.
These are the sparkles
that fell from the sky.
See, I made a wish for them
to come into the ocean
so I could touch them
and... here they are!
Oh, well, I can see
why you think that.
This phytoplankton
is as beautiful
- as the sparkles in the sky.
- I'll say!
What you kids
have been dancing with
are called dinoflagellates,
which are a type of plankton
that glow in the dark
when the water around
is disturbed.
- [laughs] Ah!
- Wow!
So when we dance around
these dinoflagellates,
we're making the water
all around us move,
- which causes them to glow?
- You got it!
Well, if they're all around us,
then how come we can't see them
when they're not glowing?
They're very, very tiny,
and they move around
with the currents
from place to place,
making it glow.
Ah! If they move
all around us,
that explains
why we kept losing them!
They were traveling with us!
Hey, guys, I'm trying to do
some nighttime feeding here.
What's with
all this bright li--
What?
Whoa! What is that?!
Hey, Zee! Come check out
our dinoflagellates.
They're the latest thing
to hit Reeftown!
Actually, Dunk,
dinoflagellates have been around
for millions of years.
Like I said,
a timeless classic.
Come check 'em out!
Okay! What do I do?
Whoa! Did you see
what my fin just-- Whoa!
Did you see what my tail--
whoa!
- So pretty!
- [laughter]
Ah! Uh--
- Splash?
- Huh?
- You okay?
- Oh, ha...
Yeah, I mean,
these dinoflagellates
are amazing, but, uh...
But they're not sparkles
from the sky?
Yeah. You see, when I thought
my wish brought them here,
it's just seemed
more special, I guess.
Well, you know, Splash,
these glowing dinoflagellates
are known in many places
as "sea sparkles."
They may not be from the sky,
but they're still
pretty special.
Guys, we'd better keep this
dance party going
before these dinoflagellates
move somewhere else.
I guess you're right.
Gush, are you in?
Are you kidding?
I'm Golden Legs Gush!
Check out these moves!
Ha ha!
[all laughing and chattering]
Hurry! I can't wait
to get to the kelp forest
to see our new friend
Tyke.
- Yeah!
- Oh, boy. Here's the fun part!
[all hooting]
Here we go!
[laughter]
Hold on to your fins!
[all shouting]
[humming]
Ah! Perfection!
- [giggling] Whee!
- Oh, Tyke!
You've made a mess again!
Mess, mess, mess!
[Chipper] Mess?
Nothing new there!
Plenty of mess
in Tidy's algae bed!
I heard that, Chipper!
We have this
under control, thank you!
Under control!
Thank you!
- Now, listen, Tyke.
- [Tyke giggles]
Making a mess is not funny!
We've got to keep it clean!
- Keep it clean!
- Yeah.
[laughing]
Hey, wait a minute!
Personal space!
- Personal space!
- All right, all right.
Careful, there! Oh!
Oh, Tyke, don't tell anyone
I'm ticklish!
- Don't tell us what?
- Tidy is ticklish!
It's okay, Tyke!
We won't tell anyone!
Heya, Tidy!
- Ah, tickle, tickle, tickle!
- [laughing]
Okay! Okay!
Never mind that.
Today I was trying to get
some cleaning done,
but my friend Tyke here
had other ideas.
I had other ideas!
Oh, if only I could get
this algae bed clean
and keep it clean
like the old days.
Maybe you shouldn't have had
Tyke move in with you.
I didn't.
I mean, baby harbor seal
pups like Tyke
often make their home
in the kelp forest.
There's nothing
I can do about it.
I bet you miss
the quiet days.
Ah, yes, indeed.
I just wish Tyke had someplace
else to play for a while
so I could get some
serious cleaning done.
Well,
maybe we can help.
Hey, Tyke, wanna go play
with us in the kelp forest?
Playtime! Oh, boy, oh, boy,
oh, boy, oh, boy!
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa!
I'll take that as a yes.
What do you think we should
play with Tyke?
Well, she seems to
really like the game
of knocking things over
on the algae bed.
'Course it wasn't a game
before she came along!
Uh... where'd Tyke go?
Oh, look!
There she is!
- Here I am!
- [gasps] That's it!
Tyke's thought of the
perfect game for us to play.
- Hide and seek!
- Look, she's already hiding
and popping out
from behind that rock.
- Yeah!
- Aw.
[laughs]
Hide and seek. Perfect!
Why didn't I think
of that?
When she's hiding
in the kelp forest,
she won't be anywhere
near my precious algae bed!
[laughs]
Hide and seek it is, then.
Not a moment too soon
if you ask me!
Heya, Tyke! Let's go!
Hide and seek?
Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy!
- All right, then.
- Have fun!
- Okay!
- Be back by nighttime!
- Or by next week!
- C'mon, Tyke!
Or whenever you're ready.
No rush at all!
At all!
Okay, so here are the rules
for hide and seek.
- Got it.
- Okay, all right.
I'm gonna close
my eyes, like this.
- Got it.
- Yeah.
And then when I open them,
I'm gonna come find you!
Got it? Uh ...Tyke?
Uh... whoa!
I think Tyke is gone!
Well, where is she?
I was still
explaining hide and seek.
Well, I think she started
the hiding part without us.
I don't see her anywhere.
Where could she be?
- Tyke?
- Tyke!
Do you think she knows
where to find us again?
I don't know.
She's pretty independent.
But she's still young.
She doesn't know everything
about the kelp forest.
Maybe she went back
to see Tidy.
[Tidy]
Hey, everyone!
Thanks for playing
with Tyke!
I'm getting so much
cleaning done! Yay-hee!
Tidy thinks Tyke is with us!
That means she's not with Tidy.
Where could she be?
We've gotta find her.
Everyone, hide and seek is over.
Finding Tyke is now our
Reeftown Rangers mission!
- Come on!
- Yeah!
[all] ♪ From the coves
to the caves ♪
♪ To the forests of kelp ♪
♪ We're on the case,
we need everyone's help ♪
♪ To keep our great ocean
so clean and so blue ♪
♪ Dive in, lend a fin,
there's so much to do ♪
[upbeat vocal music]
♪ No reef is too big,
no job is too small ♪
♪ We're protecting the ocean
for one and for all ♪
[all] ♪ We are
the Reeftown Rangers ♪
♪ Makin' a difference,
working together ♪
♪ Let's go!
We are the Reeftown Rangers ♪
♪ Ocean friends forever ♪
♪ Wherever we're needed,
we'll be there, you know ♪
♪ It's time
to get right to it ♪
♪ We're up for adventure,
and we're ready to go ♪
♪ We love to help,
and we can't wait to do it ♪
Come on!
♪ We're leading the way
to excitement and fun ♪
♪ We're protecting the ocean,
there's much to be done ♪
[all]
♪ From the coves to the caves ♪
♪ To the forests of kelp ♪
♪ We're on the case ♪
♪ We need everyone's help ♪
♪ To keep our great ocean
so clean and so blue ♪
♪ Dive in, lend a fin,
there's so much to do ♪
♪ We are the Reeftown Rangers ♪
♪ Makin' a difference,
working together ♪
Let's go!
♪ We are the Reeftown Rangers ♪
♪ Ocean friends forever ♪
♪ Ocean friends forever-r-r ♪
Okay, we've got a plan
to find Tyke.
Bubbles and I will go out
into the ocean.
And Ripple and I will check
the kelp blades here.
Good idea.
She may be a good hider...
But the Reeftown Rangers
are on the case!
- Yeah!
- Yeah! Let's go find her!
Ahh, I tell ya.
A place for everything,
and everything in its place.
Finally.
A clean algae bed.
[sighs]
And no one around to mess it up.
Oh, I love it, it's perfect.
I just, uh...
Oh.
It's kinda quiet, though.
Not that I miss Tyke
or anything. [chuckles]
But, uh, I wonder--
I wonder how she is.
Maybe she's up there.
[rustling]
I think someone's
back there.
Hello? Who's there?
[whimpers]
Uh ...is that you, Tyke?
Ah! Tyke? Tyke?
Did you say Tyke? Oh--
[both chuckle nervously]
Tidy!
What are you doing here?
Oh, uh, well, I, uh,
I just wanted to, uh,
check and see how you're doing
with Tyke, yeah, that's it.
Uh, well, she's fine...
I'm pretty sure.
Why,
were you checking up on her?
Me? [exaggerated laugh]
Of course not.
You-- you guys are so funny.
I was just in the area,
and I thought she might be here.
So, uh, where is she?
Uh, let's just say...
Hmm?
she's really
good at hide and seek.
Uh, we can't find her.
You can't find her.
Wha!
You can't find her?!
Oh, no! Where is she?
Oh, no!
She's just a young seal pup!
Don't worry.
We're looking for her.
Worry? Why would you think
I was worrying?
[laughs]
I'm not worried at all.
I'm just gonna go look for her
in a non-worried way!
Oh, he is very worried.
- [Tidy] I heard that!
- Oh! Ohh...
Do you think Tyke
would've gone this far?
Oh, I don't know...
Hey-ey! There are my
adventurous Reeftown Rangers!
- Hi, Flo!
- Flo!
Are we glad to see you!
So what brings you
all the way out here?
Seems like you're looking
for something.
We were playing
hide and seek with Tyke.
Yeah, and now she's
hide-and-seeking somewhere,
and, uh, we can't find her!
Uh... isn't that the point
of hide and seek?
Yes, but... what if she's
too young to be on her own?
Young harbor seals
are very independent.
Ha. I'm sure
you've already noticed
how curious they are
and love to explore.
- Definitely!
- Yeah.
So you're saying she could be
off anywhere, exploring?
Except harbor seal pups
would not want to explore
far from their home,
not unless their family
and friends were nearby.
I guess Tidy is kind of her
friend and family.
Hey, Bubbles, are you thinking
what I'm thinking?
Have you looked back to where
Tyke feels most at home?
- That's what I'm thinking!
- Yeah!
- Come on, Splash!
- Yeah. Thanks, Flo!
Sure thing. You're welcome!
Happy seeking!
[Ripple]
Tidy! Wait up!
I don't get it,
I thought you'd be glad
Tyke was gone playing
hide and seek.
Yeah. Didn't you want your
algae bed clean and quiet?
Well, uh, I do love having
a clean algae bed,
but, uh, well, I, uh...
You kind of miss her, huh?
Well... Tyke is so curious
about everything.
I mean, she makes me
look at the kelp forest
in a different light.
You know, she really
appreciates living here.
Huh, I never thought
about it that way.
Well, neither did I
until Tyke showed up.
So you miss her!
Well, I didn't say that!
Well, uh...
[whimpers]
all I know is
we have to find her.
Oh, this is all my fault
for letting her go out
and play hide and seek.
Don't worry, Tidy.
The Reeftown Rangers
are on the job.
Guys, guys, guess what!
I think I know where Tyke is.
Yeah,
Flo says that even though
harbor seals
are really independent,
they still like to stay close
to their home and family.
Well, that's great,
because Tidy here
really wants to find her.
You do?
Well, I-I...
I guess I miss her a little bit.
Oh!
He misses her a lot.
- [Tidy] I heard that!
- [all] Oh!
[all chuckle]
[gasps] Oh, my starfish!
Oh, no!
What's this huge mess
on my nice clean algae bed?
- Ta-da!
- [gasps]
- I was hiding!
- Tyke! You're back!
Aww.
We couldn't find you anywhere!
I'm a good hider.
I win!
You really missed Tyke
a lot.
Let's not go too far.
Harbor seal pups
are a lot of work.
Ohhh, but they're
a lot of fun, too!
[laughs] Well--
Oh! Oh!
Hey, there, hey, there!
Personal space!
Oh, Tyke, I love you!
[all gasps]
We heard that!
- [laughter]
- Yeah, you did!
- Oh, welcome back, Tyke.
- [all chattering]
[upbeat music]
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪